Added a paragraph to start capturing how to tweak log levels for othe… (#8002)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/operations/debugging_gloo/_index.md

Reviewer: while you're updating this, can you also remove 
```
  gateway:
    logLevel: error
```
from line 261-262 since it's no longer used,

and also remove it from the helm values struct [here](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/blob/7e6d835091f8de6e87d39615375f8b1642daaa54/install/helm/gloo/generate/values.go#L309), and then run codegen: make sure your Go version is 1.20.x, then run `make install-go-tools generated-code -B`

Reviewer: we still need to remove the
```
  gateway:
    logLevel: error
```
in the example below

      envoyLogLevel: error
```

> Additionally, you can change the logging level for other services such as `rate-limit` as the given Helm values example below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can change the logging level for other services, such as the `rate-limit` service in the following Helm values example:
```

```yaml
global:
  extensions:
    rateLimit:
      deployment:

>         loglevel: error

Reviewer: i just realized that our docs and actual values used don't line up, the docs say `logLevel` but in the helm template we look for `loglevel` (all lowercase). same for the observability deployment. i think we should fix those in the gloo-ee helm chart, then update this to say logLevel

Author: Wait, I always thought it was `logLevel` 😀 . Let me double check this and fix the PR.

Reviewer: yeah our [helm docs](https://docs.solo.io/gloo-edge/latest/reference/helm_chart_values/enterprise_helm_chart_values/) which are auto-generated from values.go, say logLevel but if you try that it doesn't actually work, because the helm template [here](https://github.com/solo-io/solo-projects/blob/b2cd915a49508c9764ddcca01c77c9676b694fc8/install/helm/gloo-ee/templates/2-rate-limit-deployment.yaml#L183-L185) is looking for loglevel

Author: Agreed. That will be consistent.

> Additionally, you can change the logging level for other services, such as the `rate-limit` service in the following Helm values example:
> 
> ```yaml
> global:
>   extensions:
>     rateLimit:
>       deployment:
>         logLevel: error
> ```

Reviewer: should we add all the new ones?
```suggestion
Additionally, you can change the logging level for other services in the following Helm values example:

```yaml
global:
  extensions:
    extAuth:
      deployment:
        logLevel: error
    rateLimit:
      deployment:
        logLevel: error
    caching:
      deployment:
        logLevel: error
observability:
  deployment:
    logLevel: error
```
```
